for now the guns of War are quiet
Israeli soldiers picnic on tanks and
bask in the last of the year's fading
warmth before them lie the ruins they've
made of Gaza The Scorch Rubble of 48
days of
Destruction but everyone knows Benjamin
Netanyahu and the Israeli military are
not finished yet this much has been said
repeatedly when he visited troops in
Gaza over the weekend and again on
Wednesday by
in the last few days I hear a question
after this phase of returning our
abductees will Israel return to fighting
so my answer is an unequivocal yes there
is no way we are not going to go back to
fighting until the end this is my policy
the entire cabinet stands behind it the
entire government stands behind it the
soldiers stand behind it and the people
stand behind it everyone is making what
they can of the lull gaza's dazed
civilians search for for who and what
has survived Hamas and the Israeli
military are preparing for the fighting
to come Israel's defense minister yov
Galant has said that once the captive
exchanges are done the war will resume
as he put it with intensity and that at
least two months more fighting is
expected Andreas C is a defense Analyst
at the school of security studies King's
College London he explained to me what
shape the next phase of this war might
take the more int fighting is most
likely just around the corner for the
IDF um and so I think they would
probably start seizing Gaza City
overground then they will have to decide
whether they will immediately shift
Focus towards the South and hunas uh or
whether they are going to go after the
tunnels I suspect they will probably not
go after the tunnels and just try to
smoke them out little of this is good
news for Gaza civilians 80% of gaza's
population has displaced most to the
South an estimated 14,000 Palestinians
have been killed
already the US still backs Israel but
there are signs the pace of killing is
making even the White House uneasy quite
frankly we continue to urge and will
continue to urge the Israelis as they
conduct military operations to do so
with the utmost care for innocent
civilian life Israel knows the support
it has from Western allies is waning but
domestically it must show that its
military objectives are being achieved
anything less than destroying Hamas
could be seen as failure and gaza's
civilians will continue paying the price
Rory Chalin Al jazer occupied East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer